---
layout: post
title: "Jump Rope tricks"
author: "Serge Morris"
categories: sport
tags: [jump rope]
image: skipping_rope_sausage.jpg
imagecaption: "The famous sausage jump rope. This is free of rights, please be lenient."
---

Hello guys, 

unlikely as it seems, this is a blog post about jump rope. 

I have been rope jumping for something like 3 years now. I only recently started to feel confident enough about my level to start sharing my experience. 

I now feel legitimate enough to share some of the obstacles that I found on my way. Getting your back flogged by the rope is not the hardest part, contrarily to what you could have thought. 
The hardest thing, particularly at the beginning, has been finding the information. What are the tricks I could do next? What is the type of rope I should use? And many more questions. In this post I will try to answer the first. 
In a few words, my journey jumping the rope started from boxing training. Rapidly, I found the rope warming-up pretty boring and started adding some tricks to the mix. After some time I could master the basic tricks I could think of and I wanted to go further. Finding the next trick to master has been harder than I thought. So, let me save you some precious jump skipping time and give you a list of useful information in the from of a guide.

In this guide I will break down the skipping rope tricks and provide an explanatory video for each of them. 
That when I should stop raving, let's start. 

# Cross Tricks 

# Release Tricks
Counterintuitively, release tricks consist in releasing the rope while jumping, before possibly catching again the rope and going on. 

## Mic Release
The basic release trick, the **mic release**. Impress your audience, drop the mic.  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg1BA59uizE" target="_blank">(Video here!)</a>[(video here!)].<!-- (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg1BA59uizE). -->


# Dancing Tricks




